keep doing we hydra wing now
we show that we finally got
protective cover hippo little mother
generally he can hdx
98 mbs already fixed hydra wing
crawl's hydra is made of plastic which
make of which are made road
fencing is possible in other regions
they are not plastic
but we have two siberian at least
they
thick plastic objects
somewhere now wait for the caliper
take in order to be accurate
five elements in the end we twisted
tail section
not fixed and bolted the gap here this
that's what happened between the leg and
stove with a glue gun
here this gun and glue warmed up
taped
I do not even understand why but for reliability
let it be in the end get this
Here we have the design screws plate yeah
everything will be here next with them even
how is it all fixed give a flashlight
I'll fix it and you can see the hook
I understand that a little bit asymmetrical
but on top is normal inside and so on
yes here is such a thing
in general, here are the guys if anyone is interested
can do it yourself
At least mushrooms have not done any
rubles at cost in stores they are the most
which I have seen about five cheap
a half thousand rubles thought why
to spend money when you can here in my
Well, for sure we will shoot a video like us
we test this thing which indicators
gives speeds cleverly with this
plates we will be a bit later in
us today all the same
April 29
still somehow cold to go out into the open
water and that's how it will be warm
Be sure to remove thanks to all the luck
take care of yourself in the ponds